# CS370-Current-Emerging-Trends-in-CS
# Briefly explain the work that you did for this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
I was provided with the TensorFlow and Keras libraries and the 8x8 maze matrix for the environment. The code for the environment includes the resetting of the pirate position, updating state based on pirate movement, returning rewards based on agent movement guidelines, keeping track of the state and total reward based on agent action, determining the current environment state and game status, listing the valid actions from the current cell, and a visualization method for graphical display of the environment and agent action was also included in the zip file. Experience for replay that stores the episodes, all the states that come in between the initial state and the terminal state was also given. I was also given teh complete implementation to build a neural network model. The code that I created myself was the Q-training algorithm to implement deep Q-learning. This included when it was appropriate for the agent to switch between exploration and exploitation, creating each episode, epoch loops, when to reference neural network for actions taken, and the win/loss states. 
# What do computer scientist do and why does it matter?
Computer scientists use their extensive knowledge and experience to develop software, utilize data, ensure information in transferred or used securely/safely, and create solutions for their organization or client. Problem-solving and troubleshooting is also a vital part of a computer scientists' job, the need to figure out ways to deliver a program to their clients that is functional, maintainable, readable, and adaptable. Computer scientists also need to address ethical concerns while developing their systems. All this matters because as a computer scientist we are driving innovation and solving complex problems. 
# How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
I approach a problem as a computer scientist by first identifying how best to serve my customer or end user, what improvements need to be made, is security issues being addressed, what functions need to be implemented, and are there any ethical or safety concerns. To start the process after all these areas have been identified I start with a template such as a UML or a pseudocode to ensure all areas are covered and to make the process more streamline and to keep myself on track. 
# What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
My ethical responsibilites to the end user and the organization are to ensure their best interests are being upheld. In the world of AI we need to ensure that bias outputs are monitored and corrected as quickly as possible. We need to ensure security is of the upmost focus to ensure the end user and orgazination's information is safe by preventing unauthorized access. In the instance that user information cannot be anonymized, user consent is vital in instances where personal information is to be used and full transparency as to how that information will be used both now and in the future. 
